com/example/ibeauty/value/User.java
 com.example.ibeauty.value.User
com/example/ibeauty/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter$2
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/ibeauty/intro/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.example.ibeauty.intro.WelcomeActivity
 com.example.ibeauty.intro.WelcomeActivity$1
 com.example.ibeauty.intro.WelcomeActivity$2
 com.example.ibeauty.intro.WelcomeActivity$3
 com.example.ibeauty.intro.WelcomeActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter
com/example/ibeauty/ProductDetail_ImageSliderAdapter.java
 com.example.ibeauty.ProductDetail_ImageSliderAdapter
 com.example.ibeauty.ProductDetail_SlideViewHolder
com/example/ibeauty/ProductDetail.java
 com.example.ibeauty.ProductDetail
 com.example.ibeauty.ProductDetail$1
com/example/ibeauty/adapter/ShoppingBag_ListItem_ViewRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.ShoppingBag_ListItem_ViewRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.ShoppingBag_ListItem_ViewRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.ShoppingBag_ListItem_ViewRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/ibeauty/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.ibeauty.ProfileActivity
 com.example.ibeauty.ProfileActivity$1
 com.example.ibeauty.ProfileActivity$2
 com.example.ibeauty.ProfileActivity$3
 com.example.ibeauty.ProfileActivity$3$1
com/example/ibeauty/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.ibeauty.BuildConfig
com/example/ibeauty/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapter_discount.java
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_discount
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_discount$1
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_discount$2
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_discount$ViewHolder
com/example/ibeauty/login/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignUpActivity
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignUpActivity$2
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignUpActivity$2$1
com/example/ibeauty/ProductDetail_SimilarAdapter.java
 com.example.ibeauty.ProductDetail_SimilarAdapter
 com.example.ibeauty.ProductDetail_SimilarAdapter$1
 com.example.ibeauty.ProductDetail_SimilarAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/ibeauty/ShoppingBag.java
 com.example.ibeauty.ShoppingBag
 com.example.ibeauty.ShoppingBag$1
com/example/ibeauty/home/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.ibeauty.home.HomeActivity
 com.example.ibeauty.home.HomeActivity$1
com/example/ibeauty/ImageSliderAdapter.java
 com.example.ibeauty.ImageSliderAdapter
 com.example.ibeauty.SlideViewHolder
com/example/ibeauty/intro/PrefManager.java
 com.example.ibeauty.intro.PrefManager
com/example/ibeauty/value/AllProduct.java
 com.example.ibeauty.value.AllProduct
com/example/ibeauty/value/ListProduct.java
 com.example.ibeauty.value.ListProduct
com/example/ibeauty/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapter_hot.java
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_hot
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_hot$1
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_hot$2
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter_hot$ViewHolder
com/example/ibeauty/login/SignInActivity.java
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$1
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$2
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$3
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$4
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$5
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$6
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$7
 com.example.ibeauty.login.SignInActivity$8
com/example/ibeauty/value/ListProductAdapter.java
 com.example.ibeauty.value.ListProductAdapter
com/example/ibeauty/ImageSliderModel.java
 com.example.ibeauty.ImageSliderModel
com/example/ibeauty/adapter/ProductDetail_Reviews_RecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.ProductDetail_Reviews_RecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.ProductDetail_Reviews_RecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.example.ibeauty.adapter.ProductDetail_Reviews_RecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
